We'll come back.
Now we're going to prepare everything we need in our computer so we can do this exercise.
Two of the main tools that we're going to be using are tons of flow uncourteous tons or flow will implement
everything necessary so we can create and train our deep neural networks and girls will just make everything
easier for us.
So in just a few lines of code we will be able to create and train our neural network.
You can download those and install them in your computer in case you haven't got that already.
From this link.
This is Stern's or Flo's web page.
You can't just install a briefing from Kier you can install it in any operating system using the deep
tools.
This is also class what page.
You can just install guide us from Chir.
You can also use the tool to study this in any operating system that you might come.
But remember that we're going to be using both machine learning and they belong in techniques many occasions
those Tingley.
We've just complemented each other.
But in our case we will just be doing AB testing to see which mode performs best.
So once we cover our double neural network we're going to just start over using machine learning.
For that we're going to be using the sikat library.
It is the most popular machine learning library and it is implemented in Python.
You can download that from the website as well.
You can just go to the installation part and use the tool once more to install it or use Anaconda in
case you keep that installed as well.
We're going to be using Jupiter notebooks to run our bite on code that God given in Amazon Web Services
and Google Cloud platform.
Sure.
Or just your local machine in case you can got troubador already installed.
You can go to our website you can go to the installation part and just press installing to be done notebook.
There you will be able to see that you can install it once more using the tool.
This is a really useful tool.
You can see all of that in this you will remember that we're going to be using by some free works or
Sysyphus not by done to at last.
We're going to download our data set from this course resources.
That's a real data set with credit card transactions that were anonymize be sure to cut that low that
on a base level in whatever computer you'll use to run your code for our next beat.
Yes that's it for now.
On to you again in the next medievals.